Bits Code: add GitLab support (#37558)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/bits_ai_dev_agent/setup.md

## Overview

> [Bits Code][8] integrates with GitHub and GitLab to open, update, and iterate on pull/merge requests based on issues detected in Datadog. After completing setup, you can [start using Bits Code][7].

Author: ```suggestion
[Bits Code][8] integrates with [source code providers][11] to open, update, and iterate on pull/merge requests based on issues detected in Datadog. After completing setup, you can [start using Bits Code][7].
```

         - Issue comment  
         - Status

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "GitLab" %}}

1. Install the [GitLab Source Code integration][9]. For full installation and configuration steps, see the [GitLab Source Code integration guide][10].

> 1. Configure the [service account][16] in GitLab:

Author: ```suggestion
1. Ensure the GitLab [service account][16] has the following configurations:
```
